# Hybrid Propulsion System

Saab Aeronautics has chosen Modelica and Dymola as part of the means for modelo based system engineering (MBSE). The Boeing X-48 is an american experimental unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) built to investigate the characteristics of blended wing body (BWB) aircraft. A modular and flexible hydrogen transport aircraft concept involves designing aircraft with interchangeable parts and adaptable propulsion systems, such as hydrogen fuel cells and electric motors, to optimize efficiency and reduce costs. The Advanced Geared Turbofan 30,000 lbf Electrified (AGTF30-e) is an electrified geared turbofan that leverages the previously developed AGTF30 model. T-MATS is a Simulink toolbox designed for use in modeling and simulating thermodynamic systems and their controls. OpenVSP is a parametric aircraft geometry tool. RCE is an open-source, distributed, workflow-based integration environment. Engineers and scientists use it to design and simulate complex systems (e.g., aircraft, ships, or satellites) by integrating their own design and simulation tools. Scilab is a software for numerical analysis, with a high-level programming language for scientific computation. Chrono is an open-source multi-physics simulation framework used to investigate fluid-solid interaction problems and the dynamics of large systems of rigid and/or flexible bodies. O3DE, a real-time open source 3D engine, can be used to create robotic simulations and immersive 3D worlds. Apache Ditto is a software framework for digital twins, a virtual representation of devices in the real world. Odoo's MRP module covers all aspects of manufacturing, including material planning, production scheduling, and quality control—crucial aspects for aerospace manufacturing. In addition to AvERP's standard modules for sales, it offers optimized processes for plant construction. OroCommerce is B2B commerce platform that supports complex sales for manufacturers and includes a CRM as well as a marketplace solution.
